"What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A maybe."
"How much money does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer."
"What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop."
"What do you call an everyday potato? A commentator."
"What’s the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? A hippo is really heavy, and a Zippo is a little lighter."
"What did the atom say after losing an electron? 'I really gotta keep an ion them.'"
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field."
"Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie."
"Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing."
"How do astronomers organize a party? They planet."
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Olive." "Olive, who?" "Olive you so much."
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Norma Lee." "Norma Lee, who?" "Norma Lee I don't say this, but I think I'm falling in love with you."
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Honeydew." "Honeydew, who?" "Honeydew you know how much I love you?"
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Juno." "Juno, who?" "Juno that you’re the love of my life?"
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Lena." "Lena, who?" "Lena little closer so I can kiss you."
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Ben." "Ben, who?" "Ben thinking about you all day."
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Muffin." "Muffin, who?" "Muffin in this world can keep us apart."
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Ivana." "Ivana, who?" "Ivana spend the rest of my life with you."
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Snow." "Snow, who?" "Snow use, I just can’t stop thinking about you."
"Knock, knock." "Who’s there?" "Anita." "Anita, who?" "Anita kiss from you."
"I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered."
"My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward."
"Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?" "In case they get a hole in one!"
"Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera."
"What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?" "They're both Paris sites."
"What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?" "Sofishticated."
"How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?" "You follow the fresh prints."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" "Pilgrims."
"I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along."
"What do you call a factory that makes okay products?" "A satisfactory."
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems."
"What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?" "Supplies!"
"Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet."
"What did the ocean say to the beach?" "Nothing, it just waved."
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?" "Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels."
"I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y."
"How does the moon cut his hair?" "Eclipse it."
"What did one wall say to the other?" "I'll meet you at the corner."
"What did the zero say to the eight?" "That belt looks good on you."
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'"
"Where do fruits go on vacation?" "Pear-is!"
"I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing."
"What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?" "Where's Pop Corn?"
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?" "I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
"What does a sprinter eat before a race?" "Nothing, they fast!"
"Where do you learn to make a banana split?" "Sundae school."
"What has more letters than the alphabet?" "The post office!"
"Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!"
"What do you call a poor Santa Claus?" "St. Nickel-less."
"I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind."
"Where do boats go when they're sick?" "To the boat doc."
"I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady."
"My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!"
"How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut."
"Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up."
"I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something."
"What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows."
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!"
"Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired."
"What did one hat say to the other?" "Stay here! I'm going on ahead."
"Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones."
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?" "No, I don't think they'll fit me."
"Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot."
"What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?" "Yellow!"
"This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in."
"What kind of car does an egg drive?" "A yolkswagen."
"Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn't know it was on fire."
"How do you make 7 even?" "Take away the s."
"How does a taco say grace?" "Lettuce pray."
"What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y."
"Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?" "It didn't have the guts."
"What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?" "A meltdown."
"How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles."
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction."
"What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!"
"What does a bee use to brush its hair?" "A honeycomb!"
"How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it."
"Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!"
"What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese."
"My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line."
"What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!"
"How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together."
"How did Harry Potter get down the hill?" "Walking. JK! Rowling."
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now."
"A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest."
"You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg."
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?"
"I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know..."
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?" "No, but I'll wrestle you for them."
"That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted."
"Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them."
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"What country's capital is growing the fastest?" "Ireland. Every day it's Dublin."
"I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea."
"Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines."
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up."
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'"
"I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate."
"I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands."
"Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist."
"I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field."
"I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless."
"How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!"
"I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!"
"Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize."
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it."
"I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me."
"I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!"
"I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since."
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine."
"What's brown and sticky? A stick."
"Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent."
"What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant."
"What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk."
"I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!"
"What's the best smelling insect?" "A deodor-ant."
"I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice."
"Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!"
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know."
"It takes guts to be an organ donor."
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?"
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it."
"What do you call a fake noodle?" "An impasta."
"What do you call a belt made of watches?" "A waist of time."
"What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?" "Traffic jam."
"What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?" "Prime mates."
"What do you call a pony with a sore throat?" "A little hoarse."
"Where do math teachers go on vacation?" "Times Square."
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers."
"What does garlic do when it gets hot?" "It takes its cloves off."
"What's a robot's favorite snack?" "Computer chips."
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?" "Nothing, it's on the house."
"Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas."
"What do clouds wear?" "Thunderwear."
"Why are piggy banks so wise?" "They're filled with common cents."
"Why is Peter Pan always flying?" "He neverlands."
"How do you get a good price on a sled?" "You have toboggan."
"How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree?" "By its bark."
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
"It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa."
"What do you call a hot dog on wheels?" "Fast food!"
"Where do young trees go to learn?" "Elementree school."
"Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents."
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
"How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!"
"Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable."
"What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream."
"Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants."
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
"Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!"
"When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent."
"I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off."
"What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar."
"I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!"
"Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels."
"Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb."
"What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta."
"Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island."
"What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging."
"What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam."
"Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends."
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common? Same middle name.
I was horrified when my wife told me that my six-year-old son wasn't actually mine. Apparently I need to pay more attention during school pick-up.
What is the opposite of a croissant? A happy uncle.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
Which branch of the military accepts toddlers? The infantry.
Did you know you can actually listen to the blood in your veins? You just have to listen varicosely.
Though I enjoy the sport, I could never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
I have a joke about time travel, but I'm not gonna share it. You guys didn't like it.
What's the opposite of irony? Wrinkly.
I was kidnapped by mimes once. They did unspeakable things to me.
Got a PS5 for my little brother. Best trade I've ever done!
What do the movies Titanic and The Sixth Sense have in common? Icy dead people.
I finally decided to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust!
When you die, what part of the body dies last? The pupils…they dilate.
A friend of mine went bald years ago, but still carries around an old comb. He just can't part with it.
You know there's no official training for trash collectors? They just pick things up as they go along.
I'm thinking of a career where I estimate crowd sizes at different outdoor events. I wonder how many people are in that field.
What do you call a woman who sets fire to all her bills? Bernadette.
Did you hear how the zombie bodybuilder hurt his back? He was dead-lifting.
I saw Usain Bolt sprinting around the track shouting, "Why did the chicken cross the road!?" It was a running joke.
Where does the General keep his armies? In his sleevies.
How does a squid go into battle? Well-armed.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but their flag is a huge plus.
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Right where you left it.
A bear walks into a restaurant. He tells his waiter, "I want a grilled…cheese." The waiter says, "What's with the pause?" "Whaddya mean?" the bear replies. "I'm a bear!"
What's E.T. short for? Because he's got little legs.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Phillipe Phillope.
Never criticize someone until you have walked a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you'll be a mile away, and you'll have their shoes.
Two men meet on opposite sides of a river.  One shouts to the other, "I need you to help me get to the other side!" The other guy replies, "You're on the other side!"
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
What did the mayonnaise say when the refrigerator door was opened? Close the door, I'm dressing.
"I stand corrected!" said the man in the orthopedic shoes.
I used to be addicted to soap. But I'm clean now.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
Why is England the wettest country? Because the queen has reigned there for decades.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs. They always take things so literally.
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
A guy goes to a pet store to buy a goldfish. The salesman asks him, "Do you want an aquarium?" The guy responds, "I don't care what star sign it is!"
What do you call bears with no ears? B–
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Exaggerations have become an epidemic. They went up by a million percent last year.
And God said to John, "Come forth and you shall be granted eternal life." But John came fifth and won a toaster.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather did. Not screaming in terror like the passengers in his car.
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver? A golfer goes *whack* "darn" and a skydiver goes "darn" *whack.*
They all laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian. Well, they're not laughing now! Wait…
Two cows are grazing in a field. One cow says to the other, "You ever worry about that mad cow disease?" The other cow says, "Why would I care? I'm a helicopter!"
I told my physical therapist that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.
What did the swordfish say to the marlin? You're looking sharp.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger, then it hit me.
Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, "What's your favorite kind of music?" The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind? A maybe.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu—you get what you deserve.
Is it ignorance or apathy that's destroying the world today? I don't know, and I don't really care.
What do you call the wife of a hippie? A Mississippi.
What did one pirate say to the other when he beat him at chess? Checkmatey.
I burned 2000 calories today I left my food in the oven for too long.
I startled my next-door neighbor with my new electric power tool.  I had to calm him down by saying “Don’t worry, this is just a drill!”
I broke my arm in two places.  My doctor told me to stop going to those places.
I quit my job at the coffee shop the other day.  It was just the same old grind over and over.
I never buy anything that has Velcro with it... it’s a total rip-off.
I used to work at a soft drink can crushing company... it was soda pressing.
I wondered why the frisbee kept on getting bigger.  Then it hit me.
I was going to tell you a fighting joke... but I forgot the punch line.
What is the most groundbreaking invention of all time?  The shovel. 
I’m starting my new job at a restaurant next week.  I can’t wait.
I visited a weight loss website... they told me I have to have cookies disabled.
Did you hear about the famous Italian chef that recently died?  He pasta way.
Broken guitar for sale no strings attached.
I could never be a plumber it’s too hard watching your life’s work go down the drain.
I cut my finger slicing cheese the other day... but I think I may have grater problems than that.
What time did you go to the dentist yesterday? Tooth-hurty.
What kind of music do astronauts listen to? Neptunes.
Rest in peace, boiled water.  You will be mist.
What is the only concert in the world that costs 45 cents?  50 Cent, featuring Nickelback.
It’s not a dad bod  it’s a father figure.
My wife recently went on a tropical food diet and now our house is full of this stuff.  It’s enough to make a mango crazy.
What do you call Santa’s little helpers?  Subordinate clauses.
Want to hear a construction joke?  Sorry, I’m still working on it.
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo?  One is extremely big and heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today in the oven,  I should have cooked it on aloha temperature.
Anyone can be buried when they die but if you want to be cremated then you have to urn it.
Where did Captain Hook get his hook?  From the second-hand store.
I am such a good singer that people always ask me to sing solo solo that they can’t hear me. 
I am such a good singer that people ask me to sing tenor tenor twelve miles away.
Occasionally to relax I just like to tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That’s just how I roll.
What did the glass of wine say to the glass of beer? Nothing.  They barley knew each other.
I’ve never trusted stairs.  They are always up to something.
Why did Shakespeare’s wife leave him?  She got sick of all the drama.
I just bought a dictionary but all of the pages are blank.  I have no words to describe how mad I am.
If you want to get a job at the moisturizer factory...  you’re going to have to apply daily.
I don’t know what’s going to happen next year.  It’s probably because I don’t have 2020 vision.
Want to hear a joke about going to the bathroom?  Urine for a treat.
I couldn’t figure out how to use the seat belt.  Then it just clicked.
I got an email the other day teaching me how to read maps backwards turns out it was just spam.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity.  It's impossible to put down!
You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there?  European.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France?  They were cooked in Greece.
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind...  it's tearable.
I just watched a documentary about beavers.  It was the best dam show I ever saw!
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store what re you?  An iWitness?
Spring is here!  I got so excited I wet my plants!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password?  1forrest1
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water?  Because he was a little horse!
CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?"  DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!’”
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers?  They say he made a mint.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer.  I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
Why do chicken coops only have two doors?  Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
How do you make a Kleenex dance?  Put a little boogie in it!
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?"
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer?  He couldn't see himself doing it.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory  but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, "First offender?"  She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!”
How do you make holy water?  You boil the hell out of it.
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night.  I woke up exhausted!
Did you hear about the circus fire?  It was in tents!
Don't trust atoms.  They make up everything!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?  Ten-tickles.
I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language.  I don’t know why.
Why did the cow in the pasture get promoted at work?  Because he is OUT-STANDING in his field!
What do prisoners use to call each other?  Cell phones.
Why couldn't the bike standup by itself?  It was two tired.
Who was the fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table?  Sir Cumference. 
Did you see they made round bails of hay illegal in Wisconsin?  It’s because the cows weren’t getting a square meal.
You know what the loudest pet you can get is?  A trumpet.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?  Frostbite.
What do you call a deer with no eyes?  No idea!
Can February March?  No, but April May!
What do you call a lonely cheese?  Provolone.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?  Because the pee is silent.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school?  Bison.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose?  Nobody knows.
You heard of that new band 1023MB?  They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.
Why did the crab never share?  Because he's shellfish.
How do you get a squirrel to like you?  Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes?  They'd crack each other up.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long?  Because then it would be a foot.
Did you hear the rumor about butter?  Well, I'm not going to spread it!
I made a pencil with two erasers.  It was pointless.
I used to hate facial hair... but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner— it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago  and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose,  but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?  An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow?  Spoiled milk.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad.  It's a faux pa.
How do lawyers say goodbye?  Sue ya later!
Wanna hear a joke about paper?  Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament?  Live stream.
I could tell a joke about pizza,  but it's a little cheesy.
When does a joke become a dad joke?  When it becomes apparent.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer?  The space bar.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
I'm tired of following my dreams.  I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?  He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road?  Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?   I'm a cashew!
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center...  you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work... but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game?  Because all of the fans left.
Why was it called the dark ages?  Because of all the knights. 
Why did the tomato blush?  Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun?  She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot?  A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked...  garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground?  To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter?  Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?   I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience.  The second time let me down.
To be Frank...  I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night …  woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock?  Because it's a little meteor.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?  A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs.  They're always up to something.
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery.  He charged one and let the other one off.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once...  It was Everlong...
Some people eat light bulbs.  They say it's a nice light snack.
What do you get hanging from Apple trees?   Sore arms.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back.  Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas,  I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented?  Lil Caesars
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night.  He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons.  They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit?  Because they are made to concentrate. 
What did the beaver say to the tree?  It's been nice gnawing you.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern?  You use a pumpkin patch.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato?  I’ll ketch up
I have kleptomania... when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap...  but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door?  When it's ajar.
I made a belt out of watches once...  It was a waist of time.
This furniture store keeps emailing me,  all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?   Look for fresh prints.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome.  It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days?  Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed  sky diving is not for you!
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap
A book just fell on my head.  I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees?  Bark bark.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time...  are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane?  They mostly wrap.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret?  Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation?  They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards ...  are remarkable.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What kind of tree fits in your hand?  A palm tree!
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey  but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?  Ten-tickles!
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom?  A tuba toothpaste.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together...  I totally nailed it!
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport? Squash.
What do you call corn that joins the army?  Kernel.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum  but I just can't seem to get it going.
Why don't sharks eat clowns?   Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs.  They were ribbiting.
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips!
Why was the robot so tired after his road trip? He had a hard drive.
Why did the computer have no money left? Someone cleaned out its cache!
I'm not anti-social.  I'm just not user friendly.
Why did the computer get cold? Because it forgot to close windows.
What is an astronaut's favorite key on a keyboard? The space bar!
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used-car salesman? The used-car salesman KNOWS when he's lying.
If at first you don't succeed...  call it version 1.0
Why did Microsoft PowerPoint cross the road? To get to the other slide!
What did the computer do at lunchtime? Had a byte!
Why did the computer keep sneezing? It had a virus!
What did one toilet say to the other? You look a bit flushed.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner.
What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to? Lonely
Why do bicycles fall over? Because they are two-tired!
Why was the broom late? It over swept!
What part of the car is the laziest? The wheels, because they are always tired!
What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper? Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV?
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I'm coming down with something!
Why was the belt arrested? Because it held up some pants!
What makes the calendar seem so popular? Because it has a lot of dates!
Why did Mickey Mouse take a trip into space?He wanted to find Pluto!
Why do you go to bed every night? Because the bed won't come to you!
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck!
Why did the robber take a bath before he stole from the bank? He wanted to make a clean get away!
Just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best damn program I’ve ever seen.
Slept like a log last night woke up in the fireplace.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors?  Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant?  About 5000 miles
Why did the coffee file a police report?  It got mugged.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on?  He let out a little wine.
How many apples grow on a tree?  All of them.
What name do you give a person with a rubber toe?  Roberto
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?  It’s fine, he woke up.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water?  Because if they fell forwards they’d still be in the boat.
How does a penguin build it’s house?  Igloos it together.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
My boss told me to have a good day... ...so I went home.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical.
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What's the most depressing day of the week? sadder day.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines But catscan.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke but you guys didn’t like it.
Stop looking for the perfect match instead look for a lighter.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing but he said it’s just a bug going around.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two!
What do you call a toothless bear?  A gummy bear!
Two goldfish are in a tank.  One says to the other, “Do you know how to drive this thing?”
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
What is a child guilty of if they refuse to nap?  Resisting a rest.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What has one head, one foot, and four legs?  A bed.
What does a house wear?  Address.
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
My son asked me to put his shoes on  but I don’t think they’ll fit me.
I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing.  The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
What do you call an unpredictable camera? A loose Canon.
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks? Minnesota.
What do sprinters eat before a race?  Nothing—they fast.
I’m so good at sleeping... I can do it with my eyes closed.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high.  She seemed surprised.
What do you call a fibbing cat?  A lion.
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil?  Because it’s pointless.
I like telling Dad jokes… sometimes he laughs.
How do you weigh a millennial?  In Instagrams.
The wedding was so beautiful even the cake was in tiers.
What’s the most patriotic sport?  Flag football.