I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list?
If I had a garden, I'd put your tulips and my tulips together.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... and I'm the 1 you need.
Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
Do you like sales? Because clothing is 100% off at my place.
I've had an off week, but seeing you always turns me on.
I wish you were my big toe. Then I would bang you on every piece of furniture at my house.
You have something on your butt. It's my eyes.
Do you do carpeting? Because I'm looking for a deep shag.
'You're beautiful' has U in it, but 'quickie' has U and I together.
People are catching Coronavirus but the only thing I’m catching is feelings for you.
I am going to complain to Spotify about you not being this weeks hottest single.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m not that pretty but damn look at you.
Roses are red, my face is too.. that only happens when I see you.
Roses are red violets are blue I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you
I’d never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
You are the square to my root.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
Your lips look lonely would they like to meet mine?
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… is in love with me.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you
Your hand looks heavy can i hold it for you?
Roses are red violets are blue I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you
Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m not that pretty but damn look at you.
If being in love was illegal, will you be my partner in crime?
Even if there wasn’t any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
There’s only one thing I want to change about you. Your last name.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
my dick is so polite… it stands up so you can sit down.
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet.
Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Do you smoke pot because i have a kush on you.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
You know what’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen…? Read the first word again.
Hey girl, are you an architect? cos I can imagine building a relationship with you.
are you today’s date? cos you’re 10/10
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
You’re kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
My friend thinks you’re kinda cute, but I don’t… I think you’re absolutely gorgeous!
If you were a virus you would be CUTIE-19
I wish I was your differential because then I’d be touching all your curves.
Baby, you’re body is like a hyperbola
You fascinate me more than the fundamental theorem of calculus.
You are the base of my trapezoid.
You are the solution to all of my equations.
You are the square to my root.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
You are as beautiful as 1.618.
I would like to be an integral, so I can be the area under your curves.
Wanna expand my polynomial?
Let’s find out if we converge by taking each other to the limit.
You must be √(-1), ’cause you can’t be real.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
I want our love to be like pi, irrational and never ending.
Wanna couple our equations tonight?
You’ve got more curves than a triple integral.
My attraction to you is an inversed square law.
I don’t know if you’re in my range, but I’d sure like to take you back to my domain.
I’ll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I’d like to plug my solution into your equation.
I’d really like to integrate over your total surface area
Do you know how to differentiate? I’d love to lie tangent to your curves.
I’m not happy in my current relationship. I’d like to do a u-substitution
Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Excuse me, you dropped something back there! (What?) This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
I wanna be superhero, should I be Spiderman, Batman or Yourman?
Are you spaghetti? Because I want you to meat my balls
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Roses are red, Violets will never be blue, but dam look at you!
Do You Believe In Love At First Sight, Or Should I Walk By Again?
Sorry, But You Owe Me A Drink. [Why?] Because When I Looked At You, I Dropped Mine.
Are You Religious? Cause You’re The Answer To All My Prayers.
Are You Lost, Ma'am? Because Heaven Is A Long Way From Here.
Remember Me? Oh, That’s Right, I’ve Only Met You In My Dreams.
Your Hand Looks Heavy. Here, Let Me Hold It For You.
Do You Have A Tan, Or Do You Always Look This Hot?
Are You A Camera? Because Every Time I Look At You, I Smile.
Do You Have A Name, Or Can I Call You Mine?
If I Followed You Home, Would You Keep Me?
I've Seemed To Have Lost My Number, Can I Have Yours?
You Know What You Would Really Look Beautiful In? My Arms.
Is It Hot In Here Or Is It Just You?
My Mom Thinks I'm Gay, Can You Help Me Prove Her Wrong?
I'm No Photographer, But I Can Picture Us Together.
What Does It Feel Like To Be The Most Beautiful Girl In The Room?
Do You Work At NASA? I Think Your Beauty Is Out Of This World.
Is Your Name Ariel? Cause We Mermaid For Each Other!
Me and you are like Nike and McDonalds, I'm doing it and you're lovin it
Love is like a fart, if you force it, it's bad, if you don't, its good.